the word to mothers about two cereals
from Quaker I'm quake the earthquake
power cereal made was right
I'm quit they're quite the energy cereal
made with corn excuse me
Quaker has reinforced Crispin quake with
B complex vitamins and iron these two
sweet cereal not only taste good but
they're good for kids too all right
fellas it's all yours
it's quick a life cereal for adults
awful kids
got extra protein for adults and
actually good taste for kids try some
for your family yeah this is about the
headache tablets you and your family
take watch two leading extra-strength
tendons while this one contains several
useful pain relievers just to Anacin
give you more of the specific pain
reliever doctors recommend most than
four of the other extra strength tablets
surprised ok I'll do it again to Anacin
give you more of the pain reliever
doctors recommend most than four of the
other extra strength tablets of course
four of these would be more than you
should take but it would take at least
four of the other extra strength tablets
to give you as much of this pain
reliever as in to Anacin now that you
know this I hope the next time you need
a headache tablet you reach for help
reach for hanison and relax
this is Frankie Ren and Jenny Smith for
Chevrolet they've now on all regular
Chevrolet's and Chevelle popular v8
automatic transmission and white well
tired save again on these v8 models when
you order power steering power disc
brakes or vinyl tops with wheel covers
and other popular appearance options
Chevrolet dealer come to inspect their
customs hey captain these are lines in
your say your hamburger is not permitted
generations burgers bright dog and
that's not as good at hamburger there's
three ways better it's more nourishing
it's more convenient the costs less than
it was the confiscated what wonderful
mother the eleventh to this today